{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf340
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Wow!  What a great first week at MMA.  I'm looking at the list that Adam L. put up on the screen as to what we learned this week and just in 4 days its amazing how much I took in.  \
\
1. This week we got right down to learning about Objective C and what it means to be a mobile developer.  I dropped out of Engineering and CS once in my life and really wasn't sure if I was going to be able to understand or do this again. But I was here and I paid my 7K so I wasn't going to back down so easily.  We learned so much, from the Learning Science model (helping us understand how we would learn this) to actually getting to making a web app.  I'm sure in some eyes, its a very small leap, but it was huge on my end.\
\
2. Before walking into this program, I really wasn't sure if I was going to take the knowledge I gained and use it to help me in running a couple startup ideas I have or whether I was going to start developing and being an actual maker.  I would say that the work this week has definitely left me with the notion that I want to be a maker in some or full capacity of any project I work on.  This skill set is priced very little for the value it truly holds.\
\
3.  I think it was harder for me to manage my attention when I was trying to figure out how I would learn this.  To be honest there were a lot of concepts that were just thrown at us right away.  And so part of the time was spent in fear, thinking about what I had gotten myself into.  But then I learned the fundamentals were meant to be taught that way and are that difficult and saw from there that I could actually do this.  Basically Mon-Tues were spent honing in my attention.  Weds and really Thurs is when it all came together.  I now know how I personally want to learn in this class.\
\
4. The weekend hack.  The challenge.  The tough times and then really the times when I solve the puzzle.  Bring it on!\
\
\
}